so he starts hearing all these stories
about how all the people that used to
hang out in the green room of Arsenio
Hall they actually did deal this is it
Austin impact Theory being in a bubble
there is a whole world of hyper
successful entrepreneurs for whom it's
not enough to have made a ton of cash
they really want to do something all
right boys and girls are you ready for
this we're going to be going to Vayner
today I'm really excited about the
meetings that we're going to be having
one of the meetings that we can have
could be a really cool breakthrough
we're also touching base with Facebook
and another tool that will help us build
this beautiful and amazing community in
my people how I love you and I think
today is going to be a pivotal day in
that so let's do to Tampa and I kind of
have like the call icon over so I can
check out other people's accounts which
mine is it's necessary we would be able
to the most important thing to know
about me is that I prize speed momentum
matters and being on the cutting edge is
where the opportunity exists so I most
gain to try things to push things
forward that I would do whatever amount
of work it took to actually see things
get across the finish line that I was
happy to fail as long as we learn
something from it and I like to think
that's part of the beauty of this
relationship to eat it should be less
frequent it should be like a once a day
sort of yolk in an interior story you
can be much more liberal if you can do
around eight it seems to be a bit of a
sweet spot eight a day but make sure
that they are cohesive and tell a story
I'm looking to turn myself into a
chatbot and get to the point where we
can
answer all of these questions but my
first real company was a technology
company so I'm just familiar enough with
how tech works to know that what I
envisioned in my head is almost
certainly impossible so you're saying
that we're talking roughly July ish we
just wrapped up here at Vayner media we
are headed now back to the house ready
for an episode with Peter Diamandis
going to be epic let's do it all right I
am about to go into deep prep mode here
for the Peter Diamandis episode which I
am insanely excited about I know Peter
very well and care very deeply forms
good human being a good friend the hard
part for me is going to be to find a
unique angle so I've interviewed it once
before I know them very well which
actually can make it harder to find that
unique angle because there's things you
begin to take for granted all right
about to get into this episode there he
is
a lesson you ready ready do it what is
the most important element to thinking
like an entrepreneur um being fascinated
by how you would solve it and then
creating something that you really want
and that you authentically believe in
like you do this show and then being
able to express it to people
okay bar your hand a second of course so
I don't have any am there there is a
cell right there yeah that's one of your
10 trillion cells that's an individual
cell and it loses its individuality in
this thing called Tom Bowyer right so
right it's it's the same thing I think
we're very much heading towards a world
in which we are those individual cells
being connected by this this you know
global nervous system called the
Internet that's connecting in higher and
higher speeds everywhere and once we
plug our brains into this meta
intelligence into this sort of shared
consciousness high brain whatever you
want to call it is we're becoming
conscious at a brand-new level yeah so
the whole goal entirely is to to build
my personal brand so if you think of it
impact Theory is me this is going to
live and die by my ability to be
authentic in front of camera yeah and if
I can be authentic this will work and if
I can't it won't so what I tell people
is I am the same way on camera I give
all the same answers what's important to
me on camera the same is what's
important to me off camera because I
know at some point somebody catches me
off guard I'm in a really bad mood or
they wake me up in the middle of the
night they punch me in the head they ask
me a question and then I you know have a
Mel Gibson moment unless I've been
honest with who I am and then it's like
well so like originally I had to say do
I swear or not but the truth is I swear
like as a person
today has been an incredible day because
there was one moment where literally
there were five different people here
that represent five different parts of
things that we're trying to move forward
all coming together at the same time it
has been phenomenal to to see a glimpse
of one of our moonshot saying that we
are moving forward which is a peak
restore now so hopefully we'll be
revealed in the next couple of months
I'm insanely excited about this and to
see how rapidly it's coming together it
really is the difference between having
a grand vision to a lot of people can do
but can you break it down to the tactic
that you need to execute again step by
step by step
in order to actually get there and this
is the thing all ignores I'm talking to
you you must hold yourself accountable
not just for thinking big that's cool a
lot of people contain that vision a lot
of people can get somebody excited about
that vision and that is important but
only execution matters an execution is
here it's here if you stepped in slices
of getting good at this
getting good at this getting this person
into your ecosystem step by step until
the massive thing comes true and we are
doing it so fast and that's the
hem of things to come
all right I hope you guys enjoyed this
one as much as I did if you haven't
already be sure to subscribe because you
are going to want to see what is coming
and until next time my friends be legen
[Music]
yes